[DO NOT MERGE] Work-in-progress PWA reference content (#1429)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/how-to/origin-trials.md

---
title: Experimental features and origin trials
description: Learn how to test experimental PWA features in Microsoft Edge and enroll your site in origin trials to use these features in production with your users.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 09/15/2021
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: pwa
keywords: progressive web apps, PWA, Microsoft Edge, experimental, origin trials
---
# Experimental features and origin trials

> Some of the PWA features in Microsoft Edge are still experimental. Experimental features can be used in 2 ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the PWA features in Microsoft Edge are still experimental. Experimental features can be used in two ways:
```

*   By enabling the corresponding flag in Microsoft Edge.
*   By enrolling your site in an origin trial to test features in production with your users.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Toggle experimental features

To turn on \(or off\) experimental features in Microsoft Edge, complete the following steps.

1.  Open Microsoft Edge.
1.  Navigate to `edge://flags`.
1.  Navigate to the relevant experiment.

> 1.  Select the dropdown menu next to the experiment description and select **Enabled** to enable the feature or **Disabled** to disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select the dropdown menu next to the experiment description and select **Enabled** to turn on the feature or **Disabled** to turn it off.
```
